---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "microsoftfabric_spark_pool Resource - microsoftfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# microsoftfabric_spark_pool (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "microsoftfabric_spark_pool" "example_spark_pool" {
  workspace_id = microsoftfabric_workspace.example.id
  name         = "example_spark_pool"
  node_family  = "MemoryOptimized"
  node_size    = "Small"

  auto_scale = {
    enabled        = true
    min_node_count = 1
    max_node_count = 3
  }

  dynamic_executor_allocation = {
    enabled       = true
    min_executors = 1
    max_executors = 2
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_scale` (Attributes) Autoscale properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scale))
- `dynamic_executor_allocation` (Attributes) Dynamic executor allocation properties. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dynamic_executor_allocation))
- `name` (String) Custom pool name. The name must be between 1 and 64 characters long and must contain only letters, numbers, dashes, underscores, and spaces. Custom pool names must be unique within the workspace. 'Starter Pool' is a reserved custom pool name.
- `node_family` (String) Node family. Available options include 'MemoryOptimized'. Additional NodeFamily types may be added over time.
- `node_size` (String) Node size. Available options include 'Small', 'Medium', 'Large', 'XLarge', 'XXLarge'. Additional NodeSize types may be added over time.
- `workspace_id` (String) ID of the workspace to which the custom pool belongs.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Custom pool ID.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_scale"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scale`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the autoscale. False - Disabled, true - Enabled.
- `max_node_count` (Number) The maximum node count.
- `min_node_count` (Number) The minimum node count.


<a id="nestedatt--dynamic_executor_allocation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dynamic_executor_allocation`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The status of the dynamic executor allocation. False - Disabled, true - Enabled.
- `max_executors` (Number) The maximum number of executors.
- `min_executors` (Number) The minimum number of executors.
